README.md, before:

# cv hub
Links and short descriptions of my CV's projects sorted order as mentioned in CV

## Java desktop wordle clone
> [wordle clone repo](https://github.com/xypp3/wordle_clone/tree/main)  
> Showcasing OOP, programming fundamentals and file manipulation in Java.

## xv6 implementation of malloc() and free()
> [xv6 malloc() and free() repo](https://github.com/xypp3/xv6-riscv-tinker/blob/mem_manage/os/user/memory_management.c)  
> Using C to implement malloc and free() using the best fit method and free block merging to limit external and internal fragmentation.  
>   
> *A more in depth explanation of implementation written in report [malloc() and free() report](https://github.com/xypp3/xv6-riscv-tinker/blob/riscv/OS_malloc_cwk.pdf)*

## general utility scripts for manipulating .pgm images
> [.pgm utilities repo](https://github.com/xypp3/pgm_utils)  
> Implementing a selection of tools such as converting from .pgm ASCII to .pgm binary files, checking if two images are identical, reducing an images storage size, splitting and combining multiple .pgm images from one or to one image.
>	 
> This implementation was done according to the [.pgm spec](https://netpbm.sourceforge.net/doc/pgm.html) and was written in C and tested using bash scripts for little endian CPUs.

## video editor group UI project
> [video editor repo](https://gitlab.com/sc21sc/uicwk2)  
> For a month I worked in a group to design and create a video editing project using C++ and the Qt framework. In my groups I promoted the use of branches, git commit message conventions and was the primary help for sorting merge conflicts.

## Sciant internship, booking meeting room tool
> [booking meeting room tool repo](https://github.com/xypp3/BookingMeetingRoom)  
> Worked on an internal tool to help track the bookings of the office's meeting rooms. The front end was written with ReactJS, and Redux to handle the updates in state. The front end was linked to the back end using webhooks and REST API calls to allow for an individual client’s changes to be propagated to all clients asynchronously. The server was written in Node.js which was hooked up to a PostgreSQL database to store the data.

Commit message:

readme: Remove C++ video and pgm  && Add jack compiler

README.md, after:

# cv hub
Links and short descriptions of my CV's projects sorted order as mentioned in CV

## Java desktop wordle clone
> [wordle clone repo](https://github.com/xypp3/wordle_clone/tree/main)  
> Showcasing OOP, programming fundamentals and file manipulation in Java.

## xv6 implementation of malloc() and free()
> [xv6 malloc() and free() repo](https://github.com/xypp3/xv6-riscv-tinker/blob/mem_manage/os/user/memory_management.c)  
> Using C to implement malloc and free() using the best fit method and free block merging to limit external and internal fragmentation.  
>   
> *A more in depth explanation of implementation written in report [malloc() and free() report](https://github.com/xypp3/xv6-riscv-tinker/blob/riscv/OS_malloc_cwk.pdf)*

## JACK Compiler
> [JACK Compiler](https://github.com/xypp3/jack_compiler)
> A compiler written in C for the JACK (Java-like) programming launguage
> Compiler compiles JACK code into HACK assembly (assembly language from nand2tetris course)

## Sciant internship, booking meeting room tool
> [booking meeting room tool repo](https://github.com/xypp3/BookingMeetingRoom)  
> Worked on an internal tool to help track the bookings of the office's meeting rooms. The front end was written with ReactJS, and Redux to handle the updates in state. The front end was linked to the back end using webhooks and REST API calls to allow for an individual client’s changes to be propagated to all clients asynchronously. The server was written in Node.js which was hooked up to a PostgreSQL database to store the data.
